io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Get.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Get
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/effect/Burning.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Burning
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Burning$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/packet/ItemPacket.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.packet.ItemPacket
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.packet.ItemPacket$1
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.packet.ItemPacket$2
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.packet.ItemPacket$3
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/event/ItemUpdate.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.ItemUpdate
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Give.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Give
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/set/EffectChanceType.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.set.EffectChanceType
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Identify.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Identify
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/set/EffectPowerType.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.set.EffectPowerType
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/map/RegisteredPlaceholder.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.map.RegisteredPlaceholder
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/event/damage/utils/StatCalculator.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.utils.StatCalculator
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/EntityStatusEffect.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.EntityStatusEffect
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/ItemStats.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.ItemStats
tsp/hexchat/util/RGBUtil.java
 tsp.hexchat.util.RGBUtil
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Reload.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Reload
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/effect/Levitation.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Levitation
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Levitation$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/event/damage/utils/CustomDamageEvent.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.utils.CustomDamageEvent
io/github/mg138/tsbook/players/HealthIndicator.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.players.HealthIndicator
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.players.HealthIndicator$1
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.players.HealthIndicator$2
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/config/AbstractItemConfig.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.config.AbstractItemConfig
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/config/ConfigBuilder.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.config.ConfigBuilder
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/Stat.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.Stat
com/comphenix/packetwrapper/AbstractPacket.java
 com.comphenix.packetwrapper.AbstractPacket
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/EffectHandler.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.EffectHandler
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/StatusEffect.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.StatusEffect
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/ItemIdentification.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.ItemIdentification
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/MobType.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.MobType
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.MobType$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Unidentified.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Unidentified
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/StatMap.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.StatMap
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/config/AbstractConfig.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.config.AbstractConfig
com/comphenix/packetwrapper/WrapperPlayServerEntityHeadRotation.java
 com.comphenix.packetwrapper.WrapperPlayServerEntityHeadRotation
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/effect/Bleeding.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Bleeding
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Bleeding$1
com/comphenix/packetwrapper/WrapperPlayClientSetCreativeSlot.java
 com.comphenix.packetwrapper.WrapperPlayClientSetCreativeSlot
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/map/DamageDefenseRelation.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.map.DamageDefenseRelation
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/effect/Slowness.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Slowness
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Slowness$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/papi/tsbook.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.papi.tsbook
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Commands.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Commands
io/github/mg138/tsbook/Book.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.Book
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/ItemInstance.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.ItemInstance
com/comphenix/packetwrapper/WrapperPlayServerSetSlot.java
 com.comphenix.packetwrapper.WrapperPlayServerSetSlot
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/StatType.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.StatType
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/effect/FallDamageResistance.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.FallDamageResistance
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.FallDamageResistance$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/papi/unid.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.papi.unid
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/StatRange.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.StatRange
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/tag/IdentificationTag.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.tag.IdentificationTag
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/CommandsTab.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.CommandsTab
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Help.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Help
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/set/DamageType.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.set.DamageType
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/event/damage/utils/DamageHandler.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.utils.DamageHandler
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.utils.DamageHandler$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/event/damage/EntityDamage.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.EntityDamage
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.EntityDamage$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/set/ModifierType.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.set.ModifierType
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/config/Config.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.config.Config
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/event/ItemRightClick.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.ItemRightClick
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/Translate.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.Translate
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/effect/Nauseous.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Nauseous
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Nauseous$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/effect/Paralysis.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Paralysis
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.effect.Paralysis$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/packet/DisableHeartParticle.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.packet.DisableHeartParticle
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.packet.DisableHeartParticle$1
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/stat/StatSingle.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.stat.StatSingle
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/map/RegisteredEffects.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.map.RegisteredEffects
io/github/mg138/tsbook/command/Effect.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.command.Effect
io/github/mg138/tsbook/entities/effect/data/StatusEffectType.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.entities.effect.data.StatusEffectType
io/github/mg138/tsbook/utils/config/ItemConfig.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.utils.config.ItemConfig
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/data/tag/UUIDTag.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.data.tag.UUIDTag
io/github/mg138/tsbook/items/ItemUtils.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.items.ItemUtils
com/comphenix/packetwrapper/WrapperPlayServerEntityLook.java
 com.comphenix.packetwrapper.WrapperPlayServerEntityLook
io/github/mg138/tsbook/listener/event/damage/utils/DamageIndicator.java
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.utils.DamageIndicator
 io.github.mg138.tsbook.listener.event.damage.utils.DamageIndicator$1
com/comphenix/packetwrapper/WrapperPlayServerWindowItems.java
 com.comphenix.packetwrapper.WrapperPlayServerWindowItems
